Add how Modules are tested to the Development guide (#2806)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: DEVELOPMENT.md

    +  - crossplane-system/crossplane-packages
    ```

### Testing Modules

> Modules should be tested just as components have been tested previously in the [end-to-end tests](tests/end-to-end).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules should be tested just as components have been tested previously in the [tests](tests/).
```
Is there a reason to scope this to end-to-end only right now?
I mean the goal is to move as much things as possible out of here, but for now this would be more "true" to how we do it, and don't limit us to only write expensive tests.

#### Testing Chart to Module migration

For every release that replaces a Helm chart with a Module an acceptance test should be added to the migration prepare step.
This acceptance test will verify that the existing Helm release is adopted by the Module and not recreated as well as making sure that there is no unexpected diff in the resources managed by the Helm release.

> The acceptance test implementation is [here](scripts/migration/crossplane.sh) and an example of a prepare step that uses the acceptance test is [here](migration/v0.50/prepare/90-verify-module-zero-diff.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every release that replaces a Helm chart with a Module a maintenance test should be added to the migration prepare step.
This maintenance test will verify that the existing Helm release is adopted by the Module and not recreated as well as making sure that there is no unexpected diff in the resources managed by the Helm release.

The maintenance test implementation is [here](scripts/migration/crossplane.sh) and an example of a prepare step that uses the maintenance test is [here](migration/v0.50/prepare/90-verify-module-zero-diff.sh).
```

Let's use terms that better reflect what this is.
